Skip adding alias targets when they don't exist (#36782)
swiftlang/swift: stdlib/CMakeLists.txt

  if(NOT define_all_alias)
    set(ALL_keyword ALL)
  endif()

  # When cross-compiling host tools for multiple architectures, targeting a
  # different SDK, the primary variant is not one of the variants being built,
  # so it can't be added as a target here. build-script will invoke the
  # more-specific target, so just skip creating this target and warn in case
  # someone is using the CMake more directly.

>   if(SWIFT_PRIMARY_VARIANT IN_LIST SWIFT_SDKS)

Reviewer: I fat fingered a variable name in my previous suggestion, this should be the correct one

```suggestion
  if(SWIFT_PRIMARY_VARIANT_SDK IN_LIST SWIFT_SDKS)
```

>   if(TARGET ${name}${SWIFT_PRIMARY_VARIANT_SUFFIX}${variant})

Reviewer: I believe a more readable check would be

```suggestion
  if(SWIFT_PRIMARY_VARIANT IN_LIST SWIFT_SDKS)
```

    add_custom_target(${name}${variant}
      ${ALL_keyword}
      DEPENDS
      ${name}${SWIFT_PRIMARY_VARIANT_SUFFIX}${variant})
    set_target_properties(${name}${variant}
      PROPERTIES
      FOLDER "Swift libraries/Aggregate")
  else()

>     message(WARNING "Primary variant ${SWIFT_PRIMARY_VARIANT} is not being built, not creating ${name}${variant} alias target for it.")

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    message(WARNING "Primary variant ${SWIFT_PRIMARY_VARIANT_SDK} is not being built, not creating ${name}${variant} alias target for it.")
```

>     message(WARNING "Primary variant is not being built, target ${name}${SWIFT_PRIMARY_VARIANT_SUFFIX}${variant} does not exist, not creating ${name}${variant} alias target.")

Reviewer: If we decide to change the check, we could improve on this message as well, e.g.

```suggestion
    message(WARNING "Primary variant ${SWIFT_PRIMARY_VARIANT} is not being built, not creating ${name}${variant} alias target for it.")
```

Reviewer: (Optional) would it be possible to add some tests for this scenario?
